fellas here this worked out perfect
there you go / Andrews orders audio
techniques works but we got Super T over
here look at that
HD tongue right there people over here
get a nice side area associated for some
stuff I gonna say look here
no what up folks we've got the
selenium 8 w 4p you deep below 8 it's
right there from a winter's gonna pair
them up with a nice little selenium
super treat their work must be done work
must be done
Twista we're 40 we like this shirt guys
came down here to pick them up a couple
of maybe 15 for that Mustang looking
good
we got Matthews a two PSI level for it
sells is that right
whatever you run it on
that's makes you super Queens yeah I can
dig I can dig I know they want more
juice though huh that's good yeah yeah
go grab some leave some of that stuff
that makes the cars quiet how do take
nice baby meal here yeah
not yet I still gotta gimme some more
music yeah dude it is close it yeah need
some cutting device yeah
anything that was good liquid nails it
does the light liquid nails all over oh
wait a minute yeah doesn't sound healthy
well I believe in order to understand
what your mouths all about the bass
sometimes Jeremy catchy but most of the
time yes it is it's mostly about the
bass then all right folks
yes sir I'm recording right now you'll
pull your ass cheeks up no okay it feels
good to take a break okay all right
meet back in pillars back in roof
resenting sides all sealed up speakers
in the windows now we focus on this back
end it's coming folks it's coming along